Refresh the base-generic documentation (#3226)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/base-generic.md

|:---------------|:------------------------------------|:-----------------------------|
| Ping     | Base-Ping-LAN     | Check host response time                           |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias         | Service Template                          | Service Description                          |
|:----------------------|:------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------|
| generic-active-service | generic-active-service | Check service availability and status proactively |
| generic-passive-service     | generic-active-service     | Check service status reactively based on received data|

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Base-Ping-LAN" label="Base-Ping-LAN">

| Metric name                             | Unit |
|:-------------------------------------|:------|
| rta        | ms     |
| pl        | %     |
| rtmax        | ms     |
| rtmin        | ms     |

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

> This Monitoring Connector has no specific prerequisites, providing all basic templates required for monitoring. However, it is necessary to have Nagios'ICMP check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Monitoring Connector has no specific prerequisites except the Nagios ICMP plugin, which is installed by default on Centreon servers.
```

| Macro               | Description                      |
|:------------------|:---------------------------------|
| DUMMYSTATUS   | Host state. Default is OK, do not modify it unless you know what you are doing                   |
| DUMMYOUTPUT   | Host check output. Default is 'This is a dummy check'. Customize it with your own if needed                |

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Using a service template provided by the connector

1. If you have used a host template and checked **Create Services linked to the Template too**, the services linked to the template have been created automatically, using the corresponding service templates. Otherwise, [create manually the services you want](/docs/monitoring/basic-objects/services) and apply a service template to them.
2. Fill in the macros you want (e.g. to change the thresholds for the alerts). Some macros are mandatory (see the table below).

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Ping" label="Ping">

| Macro        | Description        | Default Value |
| :----------- | :----------------- | :------------ |

> | PACKETNUMBER | Number of packet   | 5             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| PACKETNUMBER | Number of packets   | 5             |
```
